# Supplementary Movies

#SM1	# Trypanosoma suis in the hypopharynx of Glossina pallidipes.
	File type: GIF (.gif)
	File size: 5.94 MB
Contents: 
This GIF, which runs at half speed of the original video, shows the hypopharynx of a tsetse fly (Glossina pallidipes) infected with T. suis. One trypanosome can be seen emerging from inside the hypopharynx (left to right of the image), whilst another seems to be caught in the finger-like structures at the end of the hypopharynx (described in Gibson, Peacock, & Hutchinson, 2017). The elongated morphology of the T. suis cells suggests that these may be a migratory form. However, their rapid movement and presence in the hypopharynx matches the description of metacyclic form cells by Peel & Chardome (1954a).


SM2	Trypanosoma suis in the cibarium of Glossina pallidipes
	File type: GIF (.gif)
	Original file size: 137 MB
Contents:
This GIF, which runs at half speed of the original video, shows a part of the cibarium of a tsetse fly (Glossina pallidipes) infected with T. suis. The dark orange region, which extends from the centre to the bottom right of the frame, is the bottom of the characteristic Y shaped feature of the tsetse fly cibarium as shown in Figure 2.4 E (inset). Arrow indicates the undulating movement of a trypanosome within this region. Arrowheads indicate unidentified structures within the cibarium, which are most likely bacteria.

SM3	Trypanosoma suis attaching proventricular form cell 
	File type: AVI (.avi)
	File size: 135 MB
Contents :
This video shows a T. suis proventricular form cell attaching to the surface of a 10 mm glass coverslip in a 24-well plate containing proventricular recovery medium (PRM, Appendix 2). This video was captured within 20 minutes of tsetse fly dissection; this cell is from the proventriculus of infected fly.

Due to upload restrictions, the files available here are of lower quality than the original movies. Please email rh0424@my.bristol.ac.uk to request a copy of the original files.
